In this lesson we're going to consume the current user's
post API endpoint and display the response in
this
My posts page.
All right let's go ahead and open up our terminal then here
I'm going to create a new branch
now let's fire up the laravel mix.
All right
first thing first let's build user interface for my posts page here
let's navigate to get bootstrap dot com
go to documentation
then components
card and let's find navigation
and here we'll add something like this in our application.
So let's copy this markup back to our editor
then open my post page dot vue
let's remove this and add container
inside this container
let's add a row
and inside this row let's add col-md-12 to have full with
then inside here just paste the markup
let's indent a little bit
so here for the first nav item let's change to all,
for the second one it is gonna be questions
remove these and duplicate
and here it's going to be answers.
All right let's save this changes and let's see how that look.
All right
Now let's change the content here. Back
to get bootstrap dot com, go to list group
on the right side let's hit this flush menu.
So here we'll bring this UI to display
our questions and answers. So let's
copy this markup back to our editor.
Here in card body let's select everything
then paste the little group
here
let's keep one list group item and remove the rest.
Let's remove the text and here
let's split this into three parts.
So let's add another row
inside this row
let's add bootstrap col class
inside this column
let's add two things will add a span and it's going to has class
let's say posts badge
and another class to indicate that the
question is accepted so accepted.
This span basically indicate an item is a question or answer.
It it's a question is going to be Q, if it's answer is
gonna be A. Let's duplicate this span. Here let's add
a space from the left
span by adding bootstrap margin left class maybe
ml four. Then I'll replace this with votes count
then I'm gonna change the text to let's say 10.
All right
Let's add another column this column
will be hold the question title.
So here I'm gonna add col-md-9 in here
let me add a dummy text
let's add another column here
I'm going to use bootstrap col class
and I want to make the text inside on the
right so text right. Here we'll show a date
OK let me select these and duplicate two times
and I'll make change a bit
Now if we save this and see in our browser
OK here we have three items displayed like this.
Now let's style this back to our editor.
And here instead of defining this css in global
app.scss file here I'm going to define in this
component
so here let's add style let's change the lang to scss
and let's also add scoped to make sure that our
style only get applied in this component.
Firstly let's define a sass variable here
I'm gonna call color green and I'll set it to grba  ninety
five one hundred eighty seven one hundred twenty
six
okay
now let's define the votes count css rule
here
let's set the border
then let's custom the display to inline block
by doing this way
the span will act like normal span which is inline
but it's has the ability to have with padding and
so on.
Let's set the min with
to let's say 40 pixels.
Then let's set the text alignment to center
Alright
let's also define accepted css rule
and here
when accepted we'll set the background color to a color green.
Then we'll change the border color to color green
and we'll change the text color to a white.
Let's define another css rule
in this case
post badge.
Actually let me duplicate these
change the name to post badge
here
let's change this to with and it's gonna be twenty five pixels
then to make a circle let's add border radius
and set it to one hundred percent.
Let's remove the background and change the color to color green
Let's save and let's see how that look
All right
I think this much better.
So now that we have user interface to display current
user's posts. Let's now consume or backend API
and display the result in this component to make it dynamic.